this video is sponsored by film or not
for more knives a screen recorder is
also an all one Video Editor there are
many great features that are
incorporating for the program such as
popular filters various sound effects
super easy video editor and much much
more the screen recorder is definitely
something a future is recommended now it
doesn't support screen record but also
webcam recording so that your pretty
little face will show up as well and
let's be real your pretty little faces
were pulls in the views you can now
customize the size of your frame that
you wanted to record it decide whether
you want your cursor to show up or not
make your video pop and the best quality
that it can be and use film or 9 today
using the link in the description below
enjoy the video so based on the last
video you guys really seemed to be
liking these so I'll tell you what if we
can hit 30 thousand lights in this video
I'll make another episode in the
comments below let me know the
characters or advatage you'd like to see
voiced and maybe I can make that happen
now enjoy the video
hey cream I didn't need to have a word
with you alright oh you know how I can't
win just for you just like you it's
almost the holiday season so this is
very important remember again ok if a
child ever asks you it's Santa Claus
real P respond [__] now because I'm
sure I can't tell if that's Batman or
Joker and the night can you not see the
symbol on my chest just stands for what
does it say good
[Music]
now look at you good man let me help you
up psyche cloud up you're an ornament
now absurd ornament no your toaster oh
my gosh where the frosted frosted
frosted I want to ride your bicycle
[Music]
you know it's the Joker condition don't
judge me cut and she I have to grab the
car every time she tries to drive around
and gets really unknowing because they I
just
what are you it's a samurai baby samurai
babies with wigs
I have come to avenge my clan mates from
those who are killed
what is that suit well it starts with a
board my breath taking is it looks like
you let's check it out the real deal mr.
important number one hero symbol of
peace is the days of Abercrombie & Fitch
in their apostle you know why today is
your lucky day because I'm here here to
spread a PSA about heroes and how you
can become one even with little to no
faith from me whatsoever
hahahahahaha but first did the check go
through ok good I don't do the [__] for
free
anyway with the league of villains on
the rise and you a high becoming more
and more filler episodes as the season
progresses we need more heroes just like
you yes even you you worthless spineless
coward of a human being you too can be a
hero strength does it come from my sexy
sexy pectorals it comes from within and
referring to my Coronets of course so
with all of you properly motivated to
take on the villains of the world I have
only one question to ask of you
did you Detroit smash that like button
do I really have to say that line that
was really dumb
[Applause]
what the cool is that piece me okay
you're finally able to get the can't you
keep your money decided to go on
vacation my cool clothes food is
different
I stole my garbage bag you are what you
wear trash bag is that your voice that's
marvelous thank you I'm trying to look
close my mouth while my tongues too big
for my own good the women must love you
yes and the post office I want to play
games get a makeup at the same store
well Brad here's the kind you put on
your face what about you
well I can't really put it myself I'm
just a puppet [__] you can't do this
[Laughter]
this is probably the best game host ever
even kills people let's play a game
pick a number between one and five
that's a good number
[Music]
- nice to me that gets me the best
endearing smile touching me coming on
all right everyone so from P what's it
like being a hero oh I guess face is
what makes it all four together awesome
so what are your quirks well I can do
anything basically a frog can it's kind
of gross actually
so Robbie yeah do you hook up to anyone
oh my anybody who doesn't